2022 updates (#20)
b2io/handbook: who-we-are.md

# Who we are

> Base Two is a multi-city company of experienced developers working together to create software that moves people. We work as individuals and teams with small and large companies — local and abroad — to improve processes around software development and deliver user-focused products and applications. We build software that helps real people solve real problems with greater ease through a flexible approach that prioritizes our clients and the end-user.

Reviewer: Updated using current branding language.

### Honest and Open

> We operate in a very honest and collaborative manner. Everyone has the opportunity to voice their opinion on all company decisions - from the type of coffee we purchase to the appropriate salary for a potential hire. This sharing of information allows all employees to be equally informed so that we can make the best collaborative decisions as a company. With that, all employees have visibility into the company’s financials - including internally transparent salaries.

Reviewer: I don't think it's worth mentioning this here.

<strong>Donut meetings</strong>
[Donut](https://www.donut.com/?ref=slackdirectory) is a Slack bot that schedules 1:1 meetings on a regular interval with random teammates, the goal being to have informal conversations and chat with people that you might not be working with on a daily basis. This petered out because we're really busy. There had been interest in picking this back up, but that conversation turned into Lightening Talks.

This section lists non-client based programs that are currently in place.

<strong>Coffee Chat</strong>
This is an optional daily zoom to give those who have time and interest a chance to say good morning, catch up, share their plans for the day, and in general reduce the feeling of being stuck on an at-home island. While no agenda or structure is needed, consider sharing your plan for the day (especially if it's non-billable) to gauge team interest and gather support.

<strong>Lightening Talks</strong>

> Implemented in late 2020, Lightening Talks are short (3-5 min) presentations given biweekly. They can be technical or non-technical. This gives employees a chance to share knowledge about technical topic, or just fun stuff. Lightening Talk info can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ozg74kY_kEdRyTWFkE-Gttj0_MrOeCIG?usp=sharing). Currently we do lightening talks during bi-monthly Friday lunches.

Reviewer 2: Slight adjustment on the language for frequency and regularity of the talks:
```suggestion
Implemented in late 2020, Lightening Talks are short (5-15 min) presentations team members have the opportunity to give biweekly. They can be technical or non-technical. This gives employees a chance to share knowledge about technical topic, or just fun stuff. Lightening Talk info can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ozg74kY_kEdRyTWFkE-Gttj0_MrOeCIG?usp=sharing). Currently we do lightening talks during bi-monthly Friday lunches.
```

> <strong>Friday Lunches</strong>
> As our company grows and employees reside in different time zones, sometimes making a 9:00AM ET coffee chat meeting is not feasible. Twice a month, we have a calendar allotment for an optional collegue lunch. Empl;oyees are welcome to bring some food and have a casual chat, often times focused on an informal Lightening Talk topic.

Reviewer 2: 🔡 
```suggestion
<strong>Friday Lunches</strong>
As our company grows and employees reside in different time zones, sometimes making a 9:00AM ET coffee chat meeting is not feasible. Twice a month, we have a calendar allotment for an optional colleague lunch. Employees are welcome to bring some food and have a casual chat, often times focused on an informal Lightening Talk topic.
```
